Capacity Reservation Proposal for ID & Status (#523)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/glossary.md

<a name="glossary:block-pricing"><b>Block Pricing</b></a>

A pricing approach where the cost of a particular resource or service is determined based on predefined quantities or tiers of usage. In these scenarios, the Pricing Unit and the corresponding Pricing Quantity can be different from the Consumed Unit and Consumed Quantity.

<a name="glossary:capacity-reservation"><b>Capacity Reservation</b></a>

> A capacity reservation is an agreement that secures a dedicated amount of resources or services for a specified period. This ensures the reserved capacity is always available and accessible, even if it's not fully utilized. Customers are typically charged for the reserved capacity, regardless of actual consumption.```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A capacity reservation is an agreement that secures a dedicated amount of resources or services for a specified period. This ensures the reserved capacity is always available and accessible, even if it's not fully utilized. Customers are typically charged for the reserved capacity, regardless of actual consumption.
```

>  A pricing approach where the cost of a particular resource or service is determined based on predefined quantities or tiers of usage. In these scenarios, the Pricing Unit and the corresponding Pricing Quantity can be different from the Consumed Unit and Consumed Quantity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A pricing approach where the cost of a particular resource or service is determined based on predefined quantities or tiers of usage. In these scenarios, the Pricing Unit and the corresponding Pricing Quantity can be different from the Consumed Unit and Consumed Quantity.
```

<a name="glossary:capacity-reservation"><b>Capacity Reservation</b></a>

> Capacity Reservations allow you to secure compute capacity for resource instances in a particular region or zone. By utilizing Capacity Reservations, you can proactively address the potential challenge of acquiring capacity in situations where there might be capacity limitations. If you have specific capacity demands and operate mission-critical workloads that necessitate reliable and predictable capacity levels, it is advised that you create a Capacity Reservation.

Reviewer 2: How about simplifying to something like?

```suggestion
Capacity Reservations allow customers to secure compute capacity for resources in a particular region or zone to allow continual workload reliability.
```

Reviewer: I like the simplification but we should keep this more generic - it's a capacity reservation - can eventually apply for databases or labor or any other thing. 
```suggestion
A capacity reservation is an agreement that secures a dedicated amount of resources or services for a specified period. This ensures the reserved capacity is always available and accessible, even if it's not fully utilized. Customers are typically charged for the reserved capacity, regardless of actual consumption.```
